h1. ObjectiveResource

This plugin creates objective c models from the routes declared in routes.rb for use with "ObjectiveResouce":http://github.com/yfactorial/objectiveresource/tree/master

h2. Usage

rake objective_resource:generate 

h2. Example 1

If you have a routes.rb file that contains the following

<pre><code>
map.resources :people do |person|
  person.resources :dogs
end
</code></pre>

The plugin will create 3 class files

h3. ObjectiveResourceSetup

The file ObjectiveResourceSetup contains settings for the framework (url , user info , etc)

h3. Person , Dog

The model files discovered from the routes above. The attributes found in the columns_hash will be converted to objective c types. Also , the nested routes for dogs will be generated

The Person model will also have 

@-(NSArray *)findAllDogs;@

which will get all the person's dogs

h2. Example 2

If you have a routes.rb file that contains the following

<pre><code>
map.resources :people do |person|
  person.resources :dogs , {:member=>{:pet => [:post]},:collection =>{ :search => [:any]}}
end
</code></pre>

The plugin will generate the same files as above but will also generate the following stubs with most likely incomplete boilerplate code. 

<pre><code>
- (BOOL)potPetWithError:(NSError **)error;
- (id)getSearchWithError:(NSError **)error;
- (BOOL)postSearchWithError:(NSError **)error;
</code></pre>

h2. Todo

* Models that are nested in multiple models are not created correctly

* tests


Copyright (c) 2009 James Burka, released under the MIT license
